Update polls.md (#57)
PyDrocsid/documentation: docs/cogs/general/polls.md

# Polls

This cog contains the poll commands.

```
<> - required
[] - optional
```

## `yes/no`

> The `.yesno` command puts :thumbsup: :thumbsdown: as reactions under the message (pictures works too).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.yesno` command puts :thumbsup: :thumbsdown: as reactions under the message (pictures work, too).
```

```css
.[yesno|yn] [content]
```

> If u put a message link behind the command (on the position of the content) the bot puts the reactions on the message from which the link originates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `content` is a message link the bot puts the reactions on the message the link refers to.
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`content`|       |The message/content|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`content`|       |The message content/A message link|
```

## `poll`

> The `.poll` command makes a poll with 1-19 options.

Reviewer: Please add documentation for multiline title and options

```css
.[poll|vote] <question>
[emoji1] <option1>
[emojiX] [optionX]
```
|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
|`question`|:heavy_check_mark:|The poll topic/question|

> |`emojiX`|       |The reaction emote under this message|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`emojiX`|       |The reaction emote for option X|
```

|`option1`|:heavy_check_mark:|The poll content for this reaction|

> |`optionX`|       |The poll content for this reaction|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`optionX`|       |Poll option X|
```

## `teampoll`

> The `.teampoll` command starts a poll and shows, which teamler has not voted yet.

Reviewer: Please add documentation for multiline title and options

```css
.[teampoll|teamvote|tp] <question>
[emoji1] <option1>
[emojiX] [optionX]
```
|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`team-role`|:heavy_check_mark:|Team-role from the staff|

Reviewer: This is not an argument for this function or command

|`question`|:heavy_check_mark:|The poll topic/question|

> |`emojiX`|       |The reaction emote under this message|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`emojiX`|       |The reaction emote for option X|
```

|`option1`|:heavy_check_mark:|The poll content for this reaction|

> |`optionX`|       |The poll content for this reaction|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`optionX`|       |The poll option for this reaction|
```

# Polls

This cog provides commands for simple "yes/no" polls, multiple choice polls and team polls.

## `yesno`
The `.yesno` command creates a "yes/no" poll by putting :thumbsup: and :thumbsdown: as reactions under the message (pictures and other files work, too).

```css
.[yesno|yn] [content]
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
|`content`|       |The message content / A message link|

> If `content` is a message link the bot puts the reactions on the message this link refers to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `content` is a message link, the bot puts the reactions on the message this link refers to.
```
